this is the big whole debate
we hear buys real estate then belong
on the one hand much too expensive
everything makes no sense so what are we doing in
the moment we go somewhere else
to do so with the real estate
is the german darling kind but
you have to really disenchanted times
the theme is not the money
river age where i buy myself now
a house I live in there and that is
That's why I do not have that great
rented free in the old age is a great
investment forget about the nonsense
Break that is a huge money the
it incredible amount of money it cost them
can not guess what
there's something going on about repairs
Homes can lose value if they
have a new house today that's great
Modern in 15 20 years it is an old one
box that is no longer state and says
because hardly anyone bought it for
reasonable price and the ticos
ceiling as perhaps not in it
so now they have made it
the thing is the number you have heaps
this is me half a million
value class you are now in pension what
do they sell the house are
Shawn position on vacation
Build two windows out as a car
they have nothing to repair
the money you can not use
on the contrary now come the big ones
cost you to because nothing with rent-free
as has now made it roof
are now leaking into the windows
now comes the heating and all the
go with high the call landlords
By the way, the heating does not work
drive more with your family beautiful
holidays when they come back all in
order so rent is not that
most common and all
Statistics say that people are in
Rent is even easier
can come as people who are on property
tree and woe things go awry like it
a divorce wil come otherwise
which does not work so well and I have great
I have a great phase I can
rent a great house now with mine
family beautiful lose my job
wonderful i cancel my apartment
or a house a small apartment
and can sort me out I have that
do not live in the solid one
pay where I am in east giant
I then owe a debt to children
maybe the family is going to the
Breaks of louder worry during the
family next to the rental lives
completely relaxed
love the motto
the clever people probably all be with
Peter Zwegat what would I rent now
not thought how lived katja ebstein
for rent but so I have a house
on the island in the morning and somehow
I still find the specific people
like me the money if I have a house
did not run through my fingers
So therefore I am I could I look
do not want to be against any already
understood the great thing when you look
you can and do your own house
do not do that
that's a lot of freedom you can do yourself
but have to be clear that
is no return for the future
is a luxury I like to like
new car or other thing must be there
reason it is to have and then completely
exactly one must be able to afford it
to do with the money that all away
is but then again the question is yes
can no longer afford the house and how
I pay because because if I now one
a house worth 200,000 has to
finance on the period iks then
would be out of debt that I have
not the 200,000 if you do not
equity but it years 300 years
350,000 of these 350,000 are already working
never again
whether my wife stays with me or
if she is gone that means even if that is
someday sell please hear
me after five years belongs to me
first window after ten years on one
Doorknob so at that time I had the money
yes, if they have it and invest it here
where there are also here then hot
is still to be believed today
that all my children are here in this
around when they are little and to
play and safe and road traffic
everything is fine but they want
Once again in the shrine
The seven will be missed now
Do not freeze play
now we would have the big ones
a teaching post you have a teaching post
get hold of it then they need it
I suddenly have three cars
finance because i need a car around
to go to work my wife need
car work
The son also needs a car around
to do his apprenticeship means that
everything must be first funded
experienced as this book but written
I have a divider before the holidays
written in diversity and have me
then entertained at the bar in the evening
an entrepreneur from the Ruhr area and
I told him which topic was there
this is just the real estate
I also find such ski vacation
to talk about it like the flakes
come in there I have to smile like
has several houses and myself
does not live to rent why